Added section about the review process (#2932)
Codecademy/docs: content/git/concepts/pull-requests/pull-requests.md

After reviewing, if the changes are approved by the author(s)/collaborators of the repository, they are merged into the base branch (this is usually named the `main` branch). If the changes are not approved, the maintainer(s) may either ask the requester for additional changes or decline the PR altogether.

> The reviewing process by the author(s)/collaborators, usually involves these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The review process by the contributors, usually involves these steps:
```

> 1. Examining the code submitted in the PR for errors and/or improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Examining the code submitted in the PR for errors and/or optimizations.
```

Reviewer: can we make this a bulleted list?
